Hoarder/README.md, before:

# Hoarder

Accepts log messages from clients, parses them and saves them to storage for retreival from clients later.

Hoarder expects clients to send their authentication credentials in request headers. These credentials are provided to clients and they should be appended to request headers.


## Endpoints available for Hoarder

### `/status`

A GET endpoint that will allow registered devices to check if application is up. Registered devices will get success with status code 200 where as un-registered ones will get 403.

It expects request headers to contain `id` of client.

TODO: Ideal scenario would be timeout for requests from unregistered devices.


### `/clientel`

A POST endpoint that will allow adding the client information to Hoarder app. This allows Hoarder to keep track of all the clients it can expect log messages from.


### `/message`

A POST endpoint where clients can send their log messages and save to their respective places in server for later retreival.

This requires a post message with following payload as post-body:
```
{
    "logString": "a string from client",
    "clientId": "id associated with client",
    "authToken": "token used by client to authenticate against Hoarder"
}
```

Commit message:

update box and hoarder to use client app's changes and update readme

Hoarder/README.md, after:

# Hoarder

Accepts log messages from clients, parses them and saves them to storage for retreival from clients later.

Hoarder expects clients to send their authentication credentials in request headers. These credentials are provided to clients and they should be appended to request headers.


## Endpoints available for Hoarder

### `/status`

A GET endpoint that will allow registered devices to check if application is up. Registered devices will get success with status code 200 where as un-registered ones will get 403.

It expects request headers to contain `id` of client.

TODO: Ideal scenario would be timeout for requests from unregistered devices.


### `/clientel`

A POST endpoint that will allow adding the client information to Hoarder app. This allows Hoarder to keep track of all the clients it can expect log messages from.


### `/message`

A POST endpoint where clients can send their log messages and save to their respective places in server for later retreival. This endpoint is accessed by client to send their logs. Logs are routed to `Box App` by `Senders` in this application. Senders are publishers that publish messages to the box.

This requires a post message with following payload as post-body:
```
{
    "logString": "a string from client",
    "clientId": "id associated with client",
    "authToken": "token used by client to authenticate against Hoarder"
}
```
